Docs(hooks): useDimensions (#32)
open-amdocs/webrix-docs: src/content/docs/hooks/usedimensions/readme.mdx

import {Example} from 'components';

> It listens to size changes on the given element and returns an object of height and width. It uses the browser's 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `useDimensions()` hook listens to size changes on the given element and returns an object of height and width. It uses the browser's 
```

Author: Fixed, with all other comments as well.

> ResizeObserver internally and cleans up the memory when necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ResizeObserver` internally and cleans up the memory when necessary.
```

## Basic Example

> In this simple example I am changing the background color of the child depending on the height of the parent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this simple example, the background color of the child is changing based on the height of the parent.
```
